# Professional README Generator

## Description 

This is a command line application which prompts the user with a series of questions to create a brand new readme file with the data they have entered.

The application is built using a combination of Javascript and Node.JS with the Inquirer package installed.

This task has given me a real appreciation of the difference between coding for a browser and purely using Node.JS to create data in the backend. It was a challenge ensuring the strings would output correctly onto the new readme file but it deployed successfully in the end.

### Useful Links
* [GitHub Repository: README-Generator](https://github.com/barrylui88/11-README-Generator)
* [Submission Walkthrough Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cRZNKX0rNLw7csF-uVnE7qQN24bEb52P/view)
* [Sample README file: Generated by this Application](https://github.com/barrylui88/11-README-Generator/blob/main/sample-readme.md)


## Installation

To run the application yourself, I would recommend downloading the code to your machine and navigating to the code location in your terminal. You can then just run:

node index.js

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Barry Lui

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.